Okay, people. So the stomach parasite that's causing explosive diarrhea across the nation just made it to California. Yay. 32 states and counting. So here's the problem. The suggestion is to not eat fresh produce in general. Okay. If you're going to eat fresh produce, the suggestion is to boil it. Okay, I have all this fruit and Technically I soaked it in vinegar But I'm still kind of scared to eat it I'm gonna show you a recipe that I use often actually that involves boiling your fruit So here we go. This is what I typically do with a fruit that's been sitting in the fridge for too long Anyway, either put them in a smoothie or turn them into a parfait jam So we're gonna chop these bad boys up. I don't know about your children but my children have a preference on the size of the fruit chunks in their yogurt. So we're going to make these the appropriate size. And into a hot cast iron they go. Next I'm going to add about a fourth cup of chia seeds. Chia seeds are like a superfood. They are rich in fiber. They enhance hydration because they can hold almost 10 times their weight in water. They also have essential minerals like potassium, magnesium, and calcium that help to prevent muscle cramps. And they have omega-3s and protein. Hello? Go chia seeds. I added about three tablespoons of honey and I'm going to give it a stir and let it reduce for a while. Now if I was making this for myself, I would mix the blueberries, the strawberries, and probably some raspberries or blackberries together. But my girls don't like blueberries, so I'm going to make the blueberry for myself. Same process. Blueberries are also a superfood. They're packed with anthocyanins that help with brain function, focus, cognition. Same process here. Honey, stir, simmer. Okay, when they're ready, we're going to cool these bad boys down before we put them on top of our yogurt. So I'm just going to put them in a couple of jars and put them in the fridge. Now we build our parfaits. I got these glass jars on Amazon and they're kind of perfect. I'm going to start with putting a base layer of Greek yogurt into each of the jars. You really have the freedom to play with your serving sizes here. You can do a full meal size portion for breakfast. You can do a pre or post workout serving size for a snack. Whatever works best for you. You can also play around with your technique. I would prefer like an icing bag or something here but I don't have that so we're going to make two with what we have. Okay, now I'm going to add a layer of fruit on top of the base layer of yogurt. And again, we're keeping our blueberries and our strawberries separate because we're going to choose our battles today. This is a pretty nutrient-dense meal because of all the different components. So the Greek yogurt, when used pre-workout, is really great for steady energy, muscle protection. And because Greek yogurt is strained, it's actually easier on your stomach than any other dairy products. When eaten post-workout, it's really great for reducing inflammation, for muscle repair, and bone health and rehydration. So all-around nutrient-dense meal. And we're not done yet. So I'm going to add one more layer of yogurt, and then I'm going to top the jars off with granola. Granola is a really good source of sustained energy in the form of complex carbohydrates. It's also going to make you feel full for longer. So if you're eating granola pre-workout, eat it one to two hours before you work out. It's a great pre-tournament meal. Coming up with tournament friendly, kid friendly, car friendly meals is no easy task, but this one hits the mark. The girls love it, you can meal prep it, it's easy to eat on the road, and the mess stays contained to the jar. Thank you. 